Update Teams admin center usage documentation for latest changes (#9359)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/teams-analytics-and-reports/user-activity-report.md

|**4**   |Tabular data represented different usage metrics aggregated per user. |
|**5**   |<ul><li>The X axis on the chart is the selected date range for the report.</li> <li> The Y axis is the count of active items or activity.</li> </ul>Hover over the dot representing an item or activity on a given date to see the number of instances of that item or activity on that given date.|
|**6**   | Each of the metrics represented in graph at tenant level. Filter what you see on the chart by selecting an item in the legend. Select **Channel messages**, **Reply messages**,  **Chat messages**, or **Meetings Organized** to see info related to each one. Changing this selection doesn’t change the information in the table. |

> |**7**   |The table gives you a breakdown of usage by user.   <ul><li>**User name** is the email address of the user. See [below section](#make-the-user-specific-data-anonymous) to get guidance on how to anonymizeit.  on Select the user name to go to the user details page.</li><li>**Tenant name** The name of an internal or external tenant where a user belongs. <br> If a user belongs to an external tenant, corresponding data metrics (for example, post messages, reply messages, etc.) are calculated based on their interactions in shared channels of the admin’s tenant. Interactions done by the user in their own tenant (outside of shared channels of the given tenant) are not considered for the admin usage report of given tenant.  </li><li>**Channel messages** is the number of unique messages that the user posted in a team channel during the specified time period.</li><li>**Reply messages** is the number of unique reply messages that the user posted in a team channel during the specified time period.</li> <li>**Post messages** is the number of unique post messages that the user posted in a team channel during the specified time period.</li><li>**Chat messages** is the number of unique messages that the user posted in a private chat during the specified time period.</li><li>**Urgent messages** is the number of urgent messages that the user posted in a  chat during the specified time period.</li><li>**Total Meetings organized** is the sum of one time scheduled, Recurring, unplanned, and <em>unclassified</em> meetings a user organized during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings organized scheduled onetime** is the number of one time scheduled meetings a user organized during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings organized scheduled recurring** is the number of recurring meetings a user organized during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings organized adhoc** is the number of unplanned meetings a user organized during the specified time period.</li><li>**Total Meetings participated** is the sum  of the one-time scheduled, recurring, unplanned, and <em>unclassified</em> meetings a user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings participated scheduled onetime** is the number of the one time scheduled meetings a user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings participated scheduled recurring** is the number of the recurring meetings a user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings participated adhoc** is the number of unplanned meetings a user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**1:1 calls** are the number of 1:1 calls that the user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**Audio time** is the total audio time (minutes) that the user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**Video time** is the total video time (minutes) that the user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**Screen sharing time** is the total screen share time (minutes) that the user participated in during the specified time period.</li>  <li>**Last activity** is the last date (UTC) that the user participated in a Teams activity.</li><li>**Other activity** tracks when the user is considered active but has a value of zero for chat messages, 1:1 calls, channel messages, total meetings, and meetings organized. Examples actions are when a user opens a channel message post but doesn't reply to it or when a user receives a private message and reads it but doesn't respond to it.</li> <li>**Unclassified meetings** are those that can't be identified as scheduled, recurring, or unplanned. These are few in number and often can't be identified because of imperfect telemetry information.</li> </ul>**Group calls** has been replaced by **Meetings organized adhoc** and **Meetings participated adhoc**. The sum of these two values is equal to what was measured by **Group calls**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**7**   |The table gives you a breakdown of usage by user.   <ul><li>**User name** is the email address of the user. See [the following section](#make-the-user-specific-data-anonymous) to get guidance on how to anonymize it or select the user name to go to the user details page.</li><li>**Tenant name** is the name of an internal or external tenant where a user belongs. <br> If a user belongs to an external tenant, corresponding data metrics (such as post messages and reply messages) are calculated based on their interactions in shared channels of the admin’s tenant. Interactions done by the user in their own tenant (outside of shared channels of the given tenant) are not considered for the admin usage report of the given tenant.  </li><li>**Channel messages** is the number of unique messages that the user posted in a team channel during the specified time period.</li><li>**Reply messages** is the number of unique reply messages that the user posted in a team channel during the specified time period.</li> <li>**Post messages** is the number of unique post messages that the user posted in a team channel during the specified time period.</li><li>**Chat messages** is the number of unique messages that the user posted in a private chat during the specified time period.</li><li>**Urgent messages** is the number of urgent messages that the user posted in a  chat during the specified time period.</li><li>**Total Meetings organized** is the sum of one time scheduled, Recurring, unplanned, and <em>unclassified</em> meetings a user organized during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings organized scheduled onetime** is the number of one time scheduled meetings a user organized during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings organized scheduled recurring** is the number of recurring meetings a user organized during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings organized adhoc** is the number of unplanned meetings a user organized during the specified time period.</li><li>**Total Meetings participated** is the sum  of the one-time scheduled, recurring, unplanned, and <em>unclassified</em> meetings a user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings participated scheduled onetime** is the number of the one time scheduled meetings a user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings participated scheduled recurring** is the number of the recurring meetings a user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings participated adhoc** is the number of unplanned meetings a user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**1:1 calls** are the number of 1:1 calls that the user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**Audio time** is the total audio time (minutes) that the user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**Video time** is the total video time (minutes) that the user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**Screen sharing time** is the total screen share time (minutes) that the user participated in during the specified time period.</li>  <li>**Last activity** is the last date (UTC) that the user participated in a Teams activity.</li><li>**Other activity** tracks when the user is considered active but has a value of zero for chat messages, 1:1 calls, channel messages, total meetings, and meetings organized. Examples of actions are when a user opens a channel message post but doesn't reply to it or when a user receives a private message and reads it but doesn't respond to it.</li> <li>**Unclassified meetings** are those that can't be identified as scheduled, recurring, or unplanned. These are few in number and often can't be identified because of imperfect telemetry information.</li> </ul>**Group calls** has been replaced by **Meetings organized adhoc** and **Meetings participated adhoc**. The sum of these two values is equal to what was measured by **Group calls**.
```
